hi everybody it's New Years Eve I want
to say happy new year to everyone um I
have a new years eve nail design for you
guys it's something fast something basic
something you can wear to work some
summer formal it's nothing too difficult
I want to walk you guys through it so um
sorry no techno music this time but I am
gonna speed up the parts of the videos
that that what would seem kind of boring
to you so I hope you guys like it you
guys can also try it with black and
white doesn't necessarily have to be
silver and you can use this anytime of
the year so pretty cool um that's my
nail design and i'll see you guys in
2010 bring in 2010 with a happy heart
surround yourself with people that love
you and I know 2010 it's going to be
even greater than 2009 all right guys um
keep watching bye all right everybody so
before we begin you have to know what
tools i'm going to use i'm going to use
this art deco this is a silver color i'm
going to be using jordana black this is
black I have a little nail tool this is
going to help us erase or correct any
mistakes that we make and some basic
scotch tape so to begin what you're
going to want to do is you're going to
kind of just french tip your nail with
the silver it's very simple it's not
hard at all so you're just going to grab
the silver and just kind of trace your
nail with it like so you're going to do
that for all your nails
bad see how it looks like if I french
tip my nails with the silver once you've
done that you want to let it dry give it
a good five or ten ok guys so after you
have allowed the french tip silver to
dry you're going to grab your piece of
tape and you're just going to kind of
angle it and put it right on your now
now it doesn't have to be perfect
nothing it's nothing is perfect so it's
fine if you just leave it like that
you're going to take your black now and
you're simply going to paint along the
tape so just like so you're going to do
this for all the nails it's not too hard
just make sure that that the layer of
black is really nice and thick because
sometimes the block will kind of like
you'll see your nail through it so you
don't want to do that
okay see how I've done that there now
what you want to do is just remove the
tape while it's so fresh like so and you
see that corner there how I didn't quite
get it well what I'm going to do is I'm
going to use art deco because this is a
smaller brush I can really get into the
angle um a lot better so I'm just going
to kind of like pain it a little bit
paint right in there like I said it
doesn't have to be perfect you won't
even notice that when you're done but if
you want to be a little bit more precise
with it that's what you do and you're
going to go ahead and do that with all
of your nails
so since I'm down with these let take
off the tape that I applied done so you
guys you can see kind of where um where
I need to fix the lines so I'll just
grab my my brush and I'll just kind of
brush brush along the line I don't like
a cricket line really so you're just
going to fix the line just correct it
now anyways you're going to grab your
silver once the black is dried which my
black in guy is pretty fast so we're
done with that we're going to grab our
art deco the silver and you're just
going to do two dots across the black
paint so just one dot here on one side
and then another dot on the other side
pretty simple this isn't so now hmm now
that we have our dots exactly where we
want them now we get kind of to the not
hard part but it's a little bit more
difficult we're going to create little
seeds now we're going to do like half
seas so we're going to go like this
and we're done did I see that so like a
half a C and we're done
you can make them as wide as you want
them as small as you want them as big as
you want them it doesn't matter it's
very easy very simple and basic now what
you want to do we'll all you have to do
is go over it with some clear polish
just to make it shiny and glossy and
that's it we're done so I'll take a
couple of pictures I hope you guys
enjoyed it by